>> Kyle Simpson: We just mentioned that
those blog posts aren't getting kind of
proactively cashed.
They're only getting cashed
when we have visited them,
which might entirely be
the strategy you wanna use.
You might not want to stuff
stuff into somebody's cache
if they haven't actually utilized it.
But you might want to load
old historical blog posts
kind of slowly in the background
while they browse around the site.
That way, if they happen to go offline and
happen to be clicking around, they're just
pleasantly delighted to find out that
there's a lot of content
that's already there.
So we're gonna do a very
basic form of that.
I've updated my version, and
I'm gonna keep track of whether or
not I'm actually doing this.
But it's gonna not be all at once,
it's gonna kinda be with long
delays in the background.
So I'm going to, when I start up
my service worker the first time,
start trying to cache all of the posts.
And here's my strategy, I'm gonna make
a request to the server to ask for
all the current post IDs,
that API request.
And I'm gonna use all those post IDs
to generate the URLs that I wanna make
a request and cache for.
So here's my cacheAllPosts function.
If I'm already caching, because that's
been spun off by something else,
then just return.
Go ahead and delay five seconds,
this is just a promise if I'd set timeout,
by the way.
Just go ahead and wait five seconds so
that we're allowing other stuff,
the initial page load and
initialization to happen.
We don't wanna take over
their bandwidth right away.
But then, just kind of in the background,
what we're gonna do is make a request for
get-posts.
If we don't already have it,
we're gonna stick it in the cache.
>> Kyle Simpson: If we are not online,
we're gonna try to get it out of the cache
and use the cached version for
what we wanna pull out.
So once I have a list of post IDs,
if there's greater than zero,
if there are posts that I wanna deal with,
I'm gonna call this cachePost function
with whatever the first post is.
So I'm gonna work from current
all the way backwards.
We want the most recent ones first,
and then we'll get the older and
older ones as we go.
So cachePost just constructs
the URL from that post ID.
If we're not telling
the cache function that it
should forcibly get all these, then we'll
just check to see if we already have it.
So if we already have it,
no reason to re-request it.
But when we've done
a service worker update,
just like we get all of the other stuff,
we should get all of the new blog posts,
in case any of them have been
updated with new fixes, the typos.
Okay, so if we're not checking the cache
or it's not in the cache, then if we know
that we need to cache it, let's just
wait ten seconds between each request.
Cuz again,
we wanna be very friendly to the network,
we don't wanna overload the network
with a bunch of requests unnecessarily.
So we'll just wait ten seconds,
make the request for that blog post.
If we find it, put it into the cache.
And then if that failed,
then we'll retry it again.
So we'll try it, and if that failed, try
again in ten seconds, and if that failed,
try again in ten seconds.
And it'll just sort of sit there,
going over there on the page,
it'll be attempting to
get these old blog posts.
If that has all succeeded, then we check
to see if we have any more caches and
then we do it again.
So we're just gonna, every ten seconds,
just try to keep loading ones,
we're successful, move on to the next one.
And if we add thousands of posts,
just eventually, over time, somebody
would have gotten all of those posts.
But they won't get all of
them necessarily all at once,
they'll get a few dozen each
time they visit, for example.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, so
let's demo that working.
So the first thing I'm gonna do,
we need to go back online, and
I'm gonna go ahead and clear out my cache.
I'm gonna kill my service worker,
clear out the network,
clear out my console.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
we'll start up on the about page.
And I'm gonna come over here,
and I want us to watch,
there's our get-posts,
we were waiting five seconds for it.
Now we're waiting ten seconds.
And in about four more seconds,
we should see the first post got cashed.
And now we're waiting ten more seconds,
and
then,
>> Kyle Simpson: The last post got cached.
We check our cache.
Sure enough, even though we haven't yet
visited these blog posts,
the blog posts are in our cache.
And if we go offline,
we'll be able to go visit them.
>> Kyle Simpson: This still
feels like a website, and
that's kind of the point that
I wanna make here, above all.
We're not trying to turn
this into an application.
We're just trying to turn this into
the kind of user experience that somebody
would expect if they weren't thinking
about all the vagaries of bad networks or
servers being down or things.
They would just kind of expect it to work,
and
we're now giving them that extra effort,
we're making it work.